Add Lazy Cohosting SPEC (#7)
ipfs-shipyard/cohosting: SPEC.md

* [Site identifiers](#site-identifiers)
* [Lazy and full cohosting](#lazy-and-full-cohosting)
* [Path conventions](#path-conventions)
* [Operations](#operations)
  * [Adding](#adding)
  * [Removing](#removing)
  * [Updating](#updating)

## Lazy and full cohosting

> There are two ways os cohosting a website: lazy and full cohosting. Lazy cohosting is the **default**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two modes of cohosting a website: `lazy` (default) and `full`.
```

> - **Lazy** cohosting means that contents will be fetched on visit. In other words, if a website is being cohosted lazily, then only the pages that are visited should be cohosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lazy** cohosting means that contents will be fetched on the first use. In other words, only the pages visited by the user are stored in local datastore and shared with the network. This mode is the safe default that enables cohosting of big websites such as Wikipedia (hundreds of gigabytes) on machines with limited disk space while enabling offline access to resources they previously visited.
```

> - **Full** cohosting means the entire website should be fetched fully whenever a snapshot is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Full** cohosting means the entire website should be fetched fully whenever a new snapshot is made. This mode should remain an opt-in: user needs to make an informed decision if they have enough storage to fit the entire thing in the local repository.
```

   /ipfs/Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR
   ```

> 4. **If** it is a **fully** cohosted website, ensure contents are in the local repo (below command will fetch missing blocks in the background)

Reviewer: `ipfs refs --recursive` is a blocking operation, but it can take time, so may be a good idea  to run it in the background, removing problem in automated situations when new `sync` call is running before the old one finished.

I think we could leave decision to the implementer:

```suggestion
4. **If** it is a **fully** cohosted website, ensure contents are in the local repo:
```

   ```console

>    $ ipfs refs --recursive /ipfs/Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR

Reviewer: .. and spec should show both options:
```suggestion
   $ ipfs refs --recursive /ipfs/Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR   # blocking
   $ ipfs refs --recursive /ipfs/Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR & # in the background
```

   ```

5. Copy it to MFS using current UTC time as `<timestamp>`
   ```console
   $ ipfs files cp /ipfs/Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR /cohosting/<lazy|full>/docs.ipfs.io/2019-08-22_153940
   ```

6. (optional) Drop the previous snapshot (identified in step 2) if it points at the same CID
   * read the CID of the previous snapshot:
      ```console
      $ ipfs files stat /cohosting/<lazy|full>/docs.ipfs.io/2019-08-22_153940 | head -1
      Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR
      ```
   * if the CID is the same as one from step 3, remove the snapshot (do nothing otherwise):
     ```console
     $  ipfs files rm /cohosting/<lazy|full>/docs.ipfs.io/2019-08-22_153940
     ```

### Chaning cohosting type

> If changing from lazy to full cohosting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing from `lazy` to `full` cohosting, simply move snapshots to the respective directory:
```
